docs(azure-client): Add experimental features document (#15116)
microsoft/FluidFramework: azure/packages/azure-client/README.md

const azureClient = new AzureClient(clientProps);
```

### Experimental Features

> `AzureClient` supports the ability to instantiate with experimental features enabled. These features are experimental in nauture and are **NOT** reccomended to be used in production scenarios. To learn more, see [Experimental Features](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/experimental-features/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AzureClient` supports the ability to instantiate with experimental features enabled. These features are experimental in nature and should **NOT** be used in production applications. To learn more, see [Experimental Features](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/experimental-features/).
```

> `AzureClient` supports the ability to instantiate with experimental features enabled. These features are experimental in nauture and are **NOT** reccomended to be used in production scenarios. To learn more, see [Experimental Features](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/experimental-features/).

Reviewer 2: Nit: For github flavored markdown, I always recommend line-breaking along sentence boundaries. It makes future changes more isolated.
```suggestion
`AzureClient` supports the ability to instantiate with experimental features enabled.
These features are experimental in nauture and are **NOT** reccomended to be used in production scenarios.
To learn more, see [Experimental Features](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/experimental-features/).
```

https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/wiki/Markdown-Best-Practices#line-breaks-along-sentence-boundaries

> `AzureClient` supports the ability to instantiate with experimental features enabled. These features are experimental in nauture and are **NOT** reccomended to be used in production scenarios. To learn more, see [Experimental Features](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/experimental-features/).

Reviewer 2: Is this functionality also supported in tinylicious-client / fluid-static? If so, it would probably be worth documenting in their READMEs too.

Author: Looks like we don't support feature gates in tinylicious-client. @ssimic2, should we expose feature gates there as well?

As per fluid-static, I don't think it applies since it doesn't access the loader level, but let me know if this sounds incorrect.
